[
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177544190",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177544190",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177544190,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3NzU0NDE5MA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "reaperrr",
      "id": 2857877,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjI4NTc4Nzc=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2857877?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/reaperrr",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-01-31T16:32:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-01-31T16:32:00Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "We need to be a bit careful about stuff like stealth sounds, because these need to be WPos-specific.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177544447",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177544447",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177544447,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3NzU0NDQ0Nw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "pchote",
      "id": 167819,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2NzgxOQ==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/167819?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pchote",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-01-31T16:32:43Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-01-31T16:32:43Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "I believe this is about moving them into Notification/Sounds (that can then still be played at a specific position).\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177544916",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177544916",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177544916,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3NzU0NDkxNg==",
    "user": {
      "login": "reaperrr",
      "id": 2857877,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjI4NTc4Nzc=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2857877?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/reaperrr",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-01-31T16:34:09Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-01-31T16:34:09Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "Ok, I wasn't sure whether our notification system supports that already.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177645044",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177645044",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177645044,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3NzY0NTA0NA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "GraionDilach",
      "id": 1136302,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjExMzYzMDI=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1136302?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/GraionDilach",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-01-31T22:45:07Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-01-31T22:45:07Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "What is the gain? The loss is to work with another file all the time and being a lot less modder friendly.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177661867",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177661867",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177661867,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3NzY2MTg2Nw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "penev92",
      "id": 7137365,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjcxMzczNjU=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7137365?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/penev92",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/penev92/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-01-31T23:44:35Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-01-31T23:44:35Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "`¯\\_(ツ)_/¯` Looks cleaner to me, and you only define every file once that way.\nThis was more of a suggestion than a \"we _have_ to do it\".\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177870859",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177870859",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177870859,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3Nzg3MDg1OQ==",
    "user": {
      "login": "abcdefg30",
      "id": 7704140,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjc3MDQxNDA=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/7704140?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/abcdefg30",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/abcdefg30/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-02-01T09:18:38Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-02-01T09:18:38Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "Tbh, I think that's a good question. It really seems to add just extra work. The only benefits I can think of are translation support for speech notifications/voices (why do we need sounds then?) and that mappers have an overview which notifications they can use (https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/pull/7164#issuecomment-68636229).\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/177888464",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-177888464",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 177888464,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3Nzg4ODQ2NA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "pchote",
      "id": 167819,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2NzgxOQ==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/167819?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pchote",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-02-01T10:07:08Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-02-01T10:07:08Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "Consistency is an important point.  It also exposes them to the linter, and will make for an easier transition to the improved sound sequence setup (when that eventually happens).\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/179229402",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-179229402",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 179229402,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3OTIyOTQwMg==",
    "user": {
      "login": "Apollo-X",
      "id": 16901747,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2OTAxNzQ3",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/16901747?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/Apollo-X",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Apollo-X/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-02-03T13:27:46Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-02-03T13:27:46Z",
    "author_association": "NONE",
    "body": "I presume a sound definition yaml is in the plans then? Being able to specify volume and other key characteristics like range of said audio would go long way and potential randomization of sound/pitch etc used.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/179238293",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-179238293",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 179238293,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3OTIzODI5Mw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "pchote",
      "id": 167819,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2NzgxOQ==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/167819?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pchote",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-02-03T13:40:39Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-02-03T13:40:39Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "@Apollo-X: yup.  We will have a setup similar to our artwork sequences where you have a named sound type, with properties for things like faction-specific naming conventions, sound file randomization, volume, etc.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/179240877",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663#issuecomment-179240877",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/10663",
    "id": 179240877,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDE3OTI0MDg3Nw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "GraionDilach",
      "id": 1136302,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjExMzYzMDI=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1136302?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/GraionDilach",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/GraionDilach/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-02-03T13:44:29Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-02-03T13:44:29Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "If at least some basic options can arrive along with the refactor then it is a gain.\n"
  }
]
