[
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/239623550",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/11817#issuecomment-239623550",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/11817",
    "id": 239623550,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDIzOTYyMzU1MA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "MunWolf",
      "id": 3696546,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjM2OTY1NDY=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/3696546?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/MunWolf",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/MunWolf/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-08-13T14:28:05Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-08-13T14:28:05Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "This would be extremely easy to do albeit a bit controversial.\n\nBefore anyone does this we will have to discuss it (how many players want this, will it affect the balance etc).\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/419685853",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/11817#issuecomment-419685853",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/11817",
    "id": 419685853,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQxOTY4NTg1Mw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "pchote",
      "id": 167819,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2NzgxOQ==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/167819?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pchote",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2018-09-09T02:21:27Z",
    "updated_at": "2018-09-09T02:21:27Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "This has been brought up a lot lately with the ongoing discussion about the overheads of managing the production queues and macros.  We should try and get this in for the next release.  The implementation will be straightforward after #15018 has been merged."
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/442594743",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/11817#issuecomment-442594743",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/11817",
    "id": 442594743,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDQ0MjU5NDc0Mw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "matjaeck",
      "id": 37185497,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjM3MTg1NDk3",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/37185497?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/matjaeck",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/matjaeck/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2018-11-28T20:33:46Z",
    "updated_at": "2018-11-28T20:40:00Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "#15764 introduced `Ctrl + Left Click` on items as a priority modifier. It would be good if the new modifiers are in line with those that we already have so it doesn't become too confusing, ideally making it as logical as possible. I'm not sure what the modifiers for cancelling the whole stack of items is but IMO it would make sense to use the same one (when clicking on the type icon) for the use case in this issue "
  }
]
