[
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/129023788",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993#issuecomment-129023788",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993",
    "id": 129023788,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDEyOTAyMzc4OA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "Phrohdoh",
      "id": 4861023,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjQ4NjEwMjM=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/4861023?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/Phrohdoh",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Phrohdoh/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2015-08-08T17:58:46Z",
    "updated_at": "2015-08-08T17:58:46Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "Will we update via a direct link to a `.oramod` that is saved and unpacked into the support directory (or possibly kept packed and loaded from zip)?\n\nAs an extension idea related to bullet point 3 I'd like to see a place in the UI and in the mod directory for a changelog file that mod authors can include (not necessary!) that players can read and make the decision to upgrade or not based on the information provided.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/129025440",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993#issuecomment-129025440",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993",
    "id": 129025440,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDEyOTAyNTQ0MA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "Mailaender",
      "id": 756669,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjc1NjY2OQ==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/756669?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/Mailaender",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/Mailaender/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2015-08-08T18:04:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2015-08-08T18:04:16Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "The current best practice for vanilla Tiberian Sun mods is to have a spawner which checks for updates and has a button to automatically download and install those. We were asked if such a content delivery feature (like we do for maps) is planned for OpenRA as well. http://www.ppmforums.com/viewtopic.php?p=533798#533798 You might want to take that into consideration.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/220556448",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993#issuecomment-220556448",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993",
    "id": 220556448,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDIyMDU1NjQ0OA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "reaperrr",
      "id": 2857877,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjI4NTc4Nzc=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2857877?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/reaperrr",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/reaperrr/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2016-05-20T09:15:50Z",
    "updated_at": "2016-05-20T09:15:50Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "#11326 would also improve support for external mods a bit, in my opinion.\n"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/comments/280928423",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993#issuecomment-280928423",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/OpenRA/OpenRA/issues/8993",
    "id": 280928423,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDI4MDkyODQyMw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "pchote",
      "id": 167819,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjE2NzgxOQ==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/167819?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/pchote",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/pchote/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2017-02-19T16:03:27Z",
    "updated_at": "2017-02-19T16:03:27Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "The remaining issues have been closed, so this is now complete."
  }
]
