[
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/comments/342116987",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113#issuecomment-342116987",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113",
    "id": 342116987,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDM0MjExNjk4Nw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "ghost",
      "id": 10137,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjEwMTM3",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/10137?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/ghost",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2017-11-06T11:06:12Z",
    "updated_at": "2017-11-06T11:06:12Z",
    "author_association": "NONE",
    "body": "Besides cleaning up `setup.py` does something else should be done? Are there any caveats regarding `pandas` build process?"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/comments/342298298",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113#issuecomment-342298298",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113",
    "id": 342298298,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDM0MjI5ODI5OA==",
    "user": {
      "login": "jreback",
      "id": 953992,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjk1Mzk5Mg==",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/953992?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/jreback",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jreback/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2017-11-06T21:47:00Z",
    "updated_at": "2017-11-06T21:47:00Z",
    "author_association": "CONTRIBUTOR",
    "body": "no i think this all that is needed; we do sufficient testing on building in the CI"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/comments/342492192",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113#issuecomment-342492192",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113",
    "id": 342492192,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDM0MjQ5MjE5Mg==",
    "user": {
      "login": "ghost",
      "id": 10137,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjEwMTM3",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/10137?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/ghost",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/ghost/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2017-11-07T14:06:26Z",
    "updated_at": "2017-11-07T14:06:26Z",
    "author_association": "NONE",
    "body": "@jreback Do you think we could have `Build` subsection in `whatsnew` docs for `BLD` related entries? Or do they fall under one of existing subsections?"
  },
  {
    "url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/comments/345296943",
    "html_url": "https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113#issuecomment-345296943",
    "issue_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/pandas-dev/pandas/issues/18113",
    "id": 345296943,
    "node_id": "MDEyOklzc3VlQ29tbWVudDM0NTI5Njk0Mw==",
    "user": {
      "login": "jbrockmendel",
      "id": 8078968,
      "node_id": "MDQ6VXNlcjgwNzg5Njg=",
      "avatar_url": "https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/8078968?v=4",
      "gravatar_id": "",
      "url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel",
      "html_url": "https://github.com/jbrockmendel",
      "followers_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/followers",
      "following_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/following{/other_user}",
      "gists_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/gists{/gist_id}",
      "starred_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/starred{/owner}{/repo}",
      "subscriptions_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/subscriptions",
      "organizations_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/orgs",
      "repos_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/repos",
      "events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/events{/privacy}",
      "received_events_url": "https://api.github.com/users/jbrockmendel/received_events",
      "type": "User",
      "site_admin": false
    },
    "created_at": "2017-11-17T16:45:12Z",
    "updated_at": "2017-11-17T16:45:12Z",
    "author_association": "MEMBER",
    "body": "the try/except of `import setuptools` also includes `import pkg_resources`.  Is it also always the case that we always have pkg_resources?"
  }
]
